README.md, before:

# Neovim Config

I use this repository to back up my `~/.config/nvim/` directory across multiple systems.

## Dependencies

- [**Neovim**](https://github.com/neovim/neovim)

    Version 0.11 or newer.

- [**C Compiler**](https://ziglang.org/download/)

    If you're using gcc, you might be missing a bunch of header files. Make sure you have [build-essentials](https://linuxize.com/post/how-to-install-gcc-on-ubuntu-20-04/). A lot of Linux distros don't have them pre-installed.
    If you're on Windows, use WSL, MSYS2, or [winlibs](https://www.winlibs.com/#download-release). Or just use Zig to avoid all that nonsense.

- [**NerdFonts**](https://www.nerdfonts.com/)

- [**RipGrep**](https://github.com/BurntSushi/ripgrep)

- [**FZF**](https://github.com/junegunn/fzf)

- Package managers for LSP. (Node, Go, Cargo, etc.) Check `:MasonLog`.

## Installation

Linux / MacOS
```
git clone https://github.com/leslykinzel/neovim-config ~/.config/nvim/
```

Windows
```
git clone https://github.com/leslykinzel/neovim-config ~\AppData\Local\nvim\
```

Commit message:

Update README's, add some final touches to version 2.

README.md, after:

# Neovim Config

This is a simple yet effective Neovim config with as little 
bloat as possible; stripped down to the essentials with default 
behaviour preserved or extended slightly in ways that are helpful 
and not overly intrusive.

Shoutout to @echasnovski for making [mini.nvim](github.com/echasnovski/mini.nvim).

E.g.

- `{}()[]""''` brackets & quotes auto-close.
- `CTRL-hjkl` to move selected text around.
- `SPC-ff` to open fzf file picker.
- `CTRL-d` to exit terminal mode.

## Requirements

- **C Compiler**

    **Linux**

    Make sure you have [build-essentials](https://linuxize.com/post/how-to-install-gcc-on-ubuntu-20-04/). 
    A lot of Linux distros don't have them pre-installed. 

    **MacOS**

    Make sure you have the latest XCode command line tools installed.

    **Windows**

    Just use WSL2 and pretend you're on a real operating system.

- [**NerdFonts**](https://www.nerdfonts.com/)

    Not really needed but these give you file icons and special glyphs that other fonts don't have.

- [**FZF**](https://github.com/junegunn/fzf)

    `:FZF` is used as a file picker.

## Installation

Linux / MacOS
```
git clone https://github.com/leslykinzel/neovim-config ~/.config/nvim/
```

Windows
```
git clone https://github.com/leslykinzel/neovim-config ~\AppData\Local\nvim\
```
